Onto the card items.
Now again I will create a separate component for each card.
Item on one output here.
I could do it in here but again it will be a a bit of a longer component and I don't want to blow this
fall with it and I will actually also use it in a no place later.
Which might sound strange given that we only have one card screen but you'll see what else we can use
a card item later.
So for that let's go back in the components folder and there in the shop folder maybe and add a card
item j as file next to the product item.
Now of course we have a normal react component in there so you know the game hold.
Those are created.
We import react from react and then here since this is the component that should output something we'll
import a bunch of components from React Native the core primitives which with which we built the UI.
I'll need a view I'll need a text I'll need a style sheet here for sure and then I'll again add my constant
to your card item which receives props and then in the end here return some J as X code I will add my
styles object here with style sheet.
Create and I will export this as a default card item.
Now the J has X code which should be returned here of course is always up to you but I will have a view
here and in that view I want to output the quantity and the title of course.
Also the total amount for discard item in case we added more than 1 then this is not just the price
of a single item but of course price times quantity and I actually all went of a button that allows
me to delete this item from the cart.
A trash icon.
So in the end I'll have a row here with a text and this text will have the quantity and the title so
there I will have the quantity and the title and actually D should be a style differently so I'll wrap
the quantity here into a separate text note and do the same for the titles so that I have two separate
text notes here in the end and then after this text LOC here there should be a view to group to operate
elements together and never piece of text which is the total amount for this item here.
So amount and next to that a button or actually not a button but actually a principle icon.
So we'll build my own touchable thing with touchable opacity and of course you could again do that platform
differentiation for a ripple effect but I'll go with opacity on both platforms here and I will import
icon Akins from Expo vector icons which we already added early on because I want to have just the I
can here which we can press.
So here I want to have touchable opacity and wrap that around an icon which we can add with they all
icons as you added earlier in this course with this as a component here and then simply use a name which
should actually differ by platform because the name is the icon identifier.
And there we can check platform OS and if Dad is Android then the icon it should be used will have a
name of MDA trash and Album wise it'll be IOW trash which renders a nice trash bin icon and we can also
give this icon a size of let's say 20 free which again should would look quite nice and a color and
here I'll actually use red because it's removing this item so it should have like a warning colour I'd
say touchable opacity when pressed should do something and it should forward to press event to the component
that uses the card item component.
So I expect to get a on remove prop this name as always is up to you which holds a function that isn't
the end executed then and we can all add a style here very simple style where I point Ed delete button
for example and that's a style declaration we can add thereafter.
Speaking of styles there are of course more styles to add.
For example on the topmost view here I'll give it as a card item style.
This text here Dan will receive US style
of item data.
Maybe this text with the quantity can receive a style which we can name styles not quantity again.
All these style identifiers as always are totally up to you.
Here on the title I have a title style.
And then here on this view I'll add a style of item data again so I'll reuse this style because I won't
have the same set up here and this amount here will also get a style of amount so a bunch of styles
to add.
Let's go down to the style sheet in there.
Add the card item which is our root stall.
Then item data and quantity.
So item data
quantity.
Then the title here and the amount and last but not least that delete button.
So that's also something we have to add here now in the delete button.
That's simple.
I'll just add a margin to the left of 20 to have some spacing between the icon and the text that sits
next to it.
And with that let's go to the card item there.
I want to have a padding of 10 a background color of white.
I'll not use my card look here I'll not add a shadow here you could do that but I prefer a different
look.
Important as flex direction rose so that all the items in that view.
So this text and this view are sitting next to each other in one and the same row justify content should
be space between so that all empty spaces between these two blocks of content and are all at a margin
in horizontal direction of 20.
So there's some spacing to the left and to the right around my card items.
Now item data that's the style we're repeating around quantity and title and amount and the delete button
item data should have flex direction road to make sure the items in there are positioned in a row and
I'll set a line items here to Center two central content vertically now for the quantity year I want
to set a font family of open dash sense by the way we can actually all use a view here instead of a
text around these two text notes because I'm not setting any texture specific styles here.
So let's take a view instead but with that back to the quantity we can give is a fun family of open
sense a color of maybe this dark grayish color which we used before or for prices.
Now for the quantity and a font size of 16 maybe.
And then here for the title I'll set a font family of open Sands bold to make that bold gift is a font
size of 16 to though and on the amount here I'll do the exact same thing.
Therefore of course we could also emerged as into one and the same style maybe named as main text or
anything like that.
Get rid of the amount since we have the exact same style definitions and now use the main text here
instead of title and here instead of amount
OK.
This is a card item.
Now let's use it in the card screen.
With the help of a flat list there.
Because right now we're not outputting any items there on the card screen.
So this view here can be replaced with flat list.
Now and the data we sit there should be an array of card items and that's just what we have here.
The card items constant.
So let's use this here.
Now here.
I'll also add a key extractor and here you definitely need to add it to let React Native know where
your key can be found because every item in here in the ends of this format and does has neither a key
nor an I.D. property but we know that product I.D. can be used as a key because this will be unique
for every item.
So here I point at item dot product I.D. in the end.
And now for a render item I want to use this card item we just added.
So here we need to import card item from the components folder the shop folder and they are a card item
and then use this card item component down there in our render function where we get our item data in
the end and where we then return or a card item like this now on the card item we need to pass in some
data right in the card item.
Right now I have dummy place holders of course here I expect to get my quantity let's say on the prop
named quantity I expect to get my title on maybe a prop named title and the amount on a prop named amount
and there I will call to fixed to to make sure that we always have two decimal places there and we also
have to on remove prop which we expect right.
So we got quantity tidal amount and on remove.
So back in the card screen that's what we have to add the quantity is of course item data dot item dot
quantity because a single item here is of course such item.
Therefore we'll have a quantity keep and besides the quantity we have to pass in the title the amount
and on remove.
So title is of course item data dot item dot product title.
That's the name I chose there for amount we can pass in item data dot item dot if we have a look at
how we define our data that would be the sum that's the sum the amount for one item no matter how much
quantity we have in there or respecting quantity we have actually.
And then last but not least for on remove we should point at a function and at the moment we have no
logic for this.
So I'll just point at an empty function this is now a card item as I want to render it let's give this
a try let's add to red shirts and a blue carpet go to the cart and now I got text strings must be rendered
within a text component and it's pointing at card item line 14.
So let's have a look at that.
Yeah it's this year of which my idea you automatically edit does whitespace I want to have you're after
my quantity I indeed want to have that here.
So I will just add one extra whitespace here before I close my text now with Dad let's try this again.
2 Red Shirts 1 blue carpet.
See the amount here.
See the title here.
See the sum this of course also adds up to this total sum.
Now it's time to make this delete button work.